your way to beautiful girl that's why it
hello and welcome to easy thai cooking
with didi Tang Sangha today I have a
special guest contar who's going to
demonstrate to you how to make simple
and delicious Thai omelet so I'll pass
it over to you yeah my name is salad
today I will teach you how to cook pies
fine omelette okay so what goes in first
some eggs
okay so we have 2x yeah
some bacon it's probably about 50 grams
of bacon with ham yes some chopped up
carrots
okay tomato chopped up tomato as well
it's frozen piece
okay what's that smacky Maggi seasoning
sauce okay so how many spoonful
so about 2 tsp yeah okay
so just stir it well together
ok
so what kind of heat are we using this
medium about a medium heat ok ok so in
eco see it
that's nice
ok
you want me to help you flip that
okay yeah okay right here we go oh thank
up
so this is a really simple menu that
only takes about five minutes maximum
and you can eat it with rice or on bread
or just on its own if you like
so I'll help you try transfer it over
onto the plate
we go
that's it thai-style omelet
it's very defined girl you want alpha
kind but you must shove my mind you want
to get declined download my baby is
driving me crazy
way too beautiful girl
that's why it
work
me so sad